leprechaun here
and Golda Indiana just an hour away and
you always want to be the Leprechaun
when you were growing up yeah my older
brother went to Notre Dame and I saw
this green guy down on the sidelines
during the football games having so much
fun and I said that's gotta be me yeah
the leprechaun is always full of life
full of fun full of tricks too
absolutely got lots of tricks up my
sleeve yeah have you had a good time
there with Notre Dame the best decision
I've ever made going to another day
Regis used to be the Notre Dame option
Oh lying keeps it quiet for day but
never get again 360 never seen before
alright it's great to have you guys
don't want a lot of life to the whole
thing you know what any absolutely a
part of the whole panorama looking
forward to Yankee Stadium tomorrow no I
guess it's going the way
yeah
from the new animated film tangled man's
evil and coming up next yeah
you